Feature/2113 customers getall pagination (#349)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/customers.md

| `DeletedUtc` | [Time interval](#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](#customer) was deleted. `ActivityStates` value `Deleted` should be provided with this filter to get expected results. |
| `ActivityStates` | array of string [Activity state](vouchers.md#activity-state) | optional | Whether return only active, only deleted or both records. |
| `Extent` | [Customer extent](#customer-extent) | required | Extent of data to be returned. |

> | `Limitation` | [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) | required | Limitation on the quantity of outlet items returned. |

Reviewer: Copy/paste 😄 
```suggestion
| `Limitation` | [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) | required | Limitation on the quantity of customers returned. |
```
